[TAKEO]
My name's Takeo Goda.
I may not look like it,
but I'm in tenth grade.
This is my friend, Sunakawa.
I call him "Suna."
He's my neighbor, and I've
known him since kindergarten.
Not sure why it works
out between two people
as different as we are,
but, well, it just does.
Takeo.
Hm?
Check it out. That guy's
lookin' kinda shady.
[TAKEO]
Hm?
[SUNA]
You think he's up to something?
AHH!
You got a problem with
your arm, fella?!
Huh?!
(Gasp)
(Groper complains)
Huh?
Um, uh, thank... you...
That was the moment...
I fell in love.
Her name is Rinko Yamato.
But...
[SUNA]
I better get going.
Oh... Wait, so, you're leaving?
But it would seem she's
fallen for someone else.
Ever since I've known Suna,
it's always seemed
to work out that way.
(Phone vibrates)
Huh?
[RINKO]
Morning!
Oh!
It's another beautiful day!
And I hope it will be
a good one for you, too!
(Gasp)
AH! Brbrbrbr!
And I made up my mind.
I'm going to support
their relationship.
And I WILL make sure
it works out for them!
♪Opening Song♪
(Chirping)
[PE TEACHER]
Let's go, ya pansies!
Pick 'em up and put 'em down!
[STUDENTS] Yes, sir!
[TEACHER]
So that is why the
Japanese modernized
(Snoring)
with the establishment of
the Meiji government.
The Charter Oath is
a statement of principle,
(Snoring) Ah! (Yawn)
outlining the basic policies.
But, of course, in practice
the actual execution of said
policies...
[GIRL 1]
He is such a hottie!
[GIRL 2]
I bet he's reading
something really cool.
(Fawning)
[SCHOOLGIRL 1]
Omigod. So cute.
[SCHOOLGIRL 2]
Mm... He is fine!
[SCHOOLGIRL 3]
Go talk to him!
(Suna yawns)
[SUNA]
So tired...
What a handsome
young man!
Look at that guy!
I just don't get it...
How long has it been
since Suna moved here?
We were in kindergarten
together, so...
I guess it's been
over 10 years.
Hmm...
Even though I see him
practically every day,
we've never really
talked about girls.
So, I have no idea what
he's looking for. At all.
(Strained groans)
UGH!
What does he want?!
Okay, Suna...
What kind of girl
is your type?
If I'm gonna help you
and Ms. Yamato in your
relationship...
I need to find out if
you're even interested.
Hey, uh...
I'm coming in.
(Sigh)
You always say that
AFTER you're in.
Uh?
What's with the outfit?
I just took a bath.
That seems early.
You studyin'? We don't
have a test tomorrow.
Yeah, well...
You do know that you're supposed
to study every day, right?
Hm?
So...
Uh! Ahem!
This is out of the blue...
but I want to know what type
of girl you're attracted to.
You're right, that was
out of the blue...
Let's start
with AKB48.
Come on... Girl bands
really aren't my thing.
Okay. Who do you like
between Sayla and Fraw Bow?
Anime? Really?
Fine then! Between
a singing pop star
and a fitness
health nut...
Who do you choose?
The healthy one, I guess.
How about Main-chan
and Sui-chan?
Who are they?
Hmm...
Someone who's healthy...
[SUNA]
You got any more
questions for me?
That'll do.
Hmm...
Which one would she be?
Um, uh, thank... you...
(Echoing)
Thank you... Thank you...
You're a tough one
to figure out.
Yeah, well, you're
a pretty easy one.
I know your type.
Huh?
You're not all that picky...
You'll take about anyone.
You like nice girls...
The ones that'll
actually talk to you.
Cute and desperate.
(Light grunt)
Huh...
That sounds about right.
Hey, let's get
some fresh air.
Huh?
♪♪
(Leaves rustling in the wind)
Hmm.
[TAKEO]
The more I look at this tree,
the more I see a big butt.
You think it's
a dude's butt?
It looks like
a dude's butt.
I think it's
You know, it's taken me over
ten years to actually see it.
But that is definitely
a dude's butt.
So, uh... do you have
a girlfriend, Suna?
What is with you today?
Well, do you?!
No, I don't.
Well, why not?
The ladies love you!
I mean, why wouldn't you want
to go out with any of them?!
(Light grunt)
Oh?
Huh?
How should I put it?
It's too much work.
Huh?!
When I think of going
out on a date,
it just makes me tired.
WHAH?!
Is he crazy?
What the heck is
wrong with this guy?!
Uh, Suna... Do you have
any balls in your pants?
Yes, I do.
Then, why don't you
want any girls, man?!
I never said that,
okay, Takeo?
Okay... So, you're saying
you ARE interested?
Sure. As much
as the next guy.
M'kay! Understood!
Then there's still hope,
Ms. Yamato!
What's... going on?
(Birds cawing)
Suna, here's some free advice.
If girls are such a drag,
then maybe you should
quit doing things that
draw their attention.
Trust me, I'm not doing
anything like that on
purpose. I promise you.
Whatever. Just try and
tone it down a bit.
Got it?
You got it?!
Okay...
You mean it?!
Yeah...
You don't sound
like you mean it!
Ugh...
(Birds chirping)
[TEACHER]
The first basic
sentence pattern
does not require an
object or complement.
(Snoring)
It allows you to make
a complete sentence
with just a subject and a verb.
Uh...
(Loud snoring)
Guys, please try to stay awake.
The verb used here
(POP) AH!
is a complete intransitive verb.
Huh?
[RINKO]
Hello.
It's Rinko Yamato.
I baked the Sachertorte!
Can I maybe bring
it over tomorrow?
Oh... That is
some text message.
It's so... colorful.
(Teacher continues)
Come. Over. Whenever.
There.
(Phone vibrates)
Huh?!
[RINKO]
Wonderful! I'm gonna
call you "Takeo."
If that's okay with you.
Holy crap! Now they're
moving around!
Uhh...
Mbrbrbrbrbr!
Sure. That. Would be.
Just. Fine. Um... Ms. Yamato.
Send!
(Sigh)
(Phone vibrates)
(GASP)
She's a nice girl.
And Suna's a nice guy.
They'll make a good couple.
(Students chatting)
[TAKEO]
Right! Let's go!
[SUNA]
What? I'm coming, too?
Hey. Uh, hang on...
This way.
We gotta hurry!
Why am I going with you?
Don't worry about it.
You can just be yourself
and act natural.
What are you up to?
Trust me, buddy!
(Groan)
Oh!
(Excited gasp)
Hm.
Oh, hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Mm.
This is going to
work out just fine.
(Munching)
OH!
(Squealing)
ASTONISHING!
I do love some Sachertootoes!
(Buzzer)
Hm...
(Ravenous chewing)
I've never had a chocolate
cake this delicious
in my entire freakin' life!
You might not want
to eat that much.
You'll get fat.
Don't worry, it's
all good, I work out.
You wanna be a lineman?
Or a sumo wrestler?
Oh, really?
(Chuckle)
Sumo, huh?
I'm flattered.
(Giggles)
Wasn't a compliment.
I think I'm gonna go
get something to drink.
Uh... Oh, I'm sorry!
I probably should've
thought of that.
Nah you're fine.
Whaddya want?
I'll get you something.
I'll go with you...
I got it.
Hmm.
Not bad, Suna.
Pretty smooth.
Suna's a cool guy,
isn't he?
Hm?
I mean, don't you think so?
Huh? Mm-hmm...
Yeah, of course you do.
I met him when I was
three years old.
So I've known him
for over 10 years now.
And he's always been
a really great guy.
[TAKEO]
Back when we were
in kindergarten,
I had the leading role
in our school play.
It was called,
"The Red Ogre Who Cried."
Goda should be the
big scary Red Ogre.
[ALL]
Yeah!
Okay you guys, I'll do it!
I'll do it!
Rarrgh!
[TAKEO]
Suna ended up playing
the blue ogre.
He was a prodigy.
And brought all the moms
in the audience to tears.
(Sobbing)
I just kinda acted
like a moron.
Ooga booga booga...
That boy is big for his age!
[TAKEO]
And then in the first grade,
I didn't make it
to the bathroom one time.
So, I might've
sorta peed my pants.
(Chuckling)
(Laughing)
Suna thought it was hilarious.
But he grabbed a bucket
of water and dumped it
all over both of us.
So nobody found out.
And then, there was this field
trip where I got all excited
and dropped my lunch
on the floor.
Suna thought that
was pretty funny, too.
But without even
a second thought,
he gave me some of his lunch.
More than half of it!
Uh-huh.
Oh man...
How come every one of
my stories about how great
Suna is...
are also stories about me
looking like a complete idiot?!
(Chewing and grunting)
Um...
Huh?
Is something wrong?
Uh... No...
Get it together!
You said you were going
to support them.
So do it.
Ms. Yamato!
Yeah?!
(Grunt)
Suna likes people who are
fit and health-conscious.
And so, you know, he IS
interested in girls.
Oh... Uh, okay
that's good!
Yeah. And he doesn't
have a girlfriend!
Alright. So there's that.
It's out there.
What else can I do to help?
(Chomp)
Hm? I think I just
bit into something
other than chocolate...
[RINKO]
Oh, you got the prize!
Hm?
I put a special prize
inside one of the cakes!
And you got it!
(Cheerful laugh)
A prize?
Uh... yeah.
It's, uh...
it's a chestnut.
Yeah?
Uh-huh.
I guess you just
get to eat it...
that's about it...
(Awkward giggle)
I see. I got the prize.
I like it!
(Chewing)
Would you... like me
to bake something else?
Sure.
(Footsteps)
Oh!
Here you go.
Thank you!
Thanks, bud.
Oh, you need some money!
No, no. I mean, you keep baking
things for us, you know?
I insist! It just wouldn't
really feel right
if I let you pay for me.
Here.
Okay, then.
If it makes you feel better.
(Change clinks)
There you go. These two
are made for each other.
[SUNA]
Well then...
thanks for the cake.
Sure!
Oh! Oh, wait!
Hm?
Um, well...
I, uh...
Can I text you again sometime?
Like, you know, to ask
what cake you'd like next?
(Light whimper)
I get it. I see what
you're getting at.
Of course, you can!
(Excited gasp)
I've got your back.
Hm!
Ugh!
You should give her
your e-mail, too!
[RINKO]
What? Why?
I mean, if you want.
Yeah, alright.
That'll be fine.
Oh, 'kay... Thanks.
(Cell phone jingles)
Did you get it?
Mm-hmm.
I'll see you
later, Takeo.
Uh-huh! Hm.
(Giggling)
(Construction sounds)
'Kay, bye!
Huh?
See you later!
Yeah, I'll see ya!
(Giggle)
You be careful
on your way home!
Uh, dude, you're screaming.
(Giggle)
Will do!
(TWANG)
(Creaking)
(Both gasp)
(Gasp)
Hurgh! Look out!
(Rinko screams)
(Grunting)
AGHH!
(Beam crashes)
(Takeo groans)
(Metal creaking)
(Straining grunts)
[RINKO]
Takeo...
Hurry guys!
(Sharp inhale)
Get outta here!
Thanks, man!
(Rinko gasps)
(Footsteps receding)
I see...
I went for the beam,
and not to her.
That's why I have no chance.
That's why I'll
never be the hero.
Well, that's fine.
Because at least she's safe.
That's all...
That's all that matters.
[SUNA]
You need to be more careful!
HUH?!
Y'know, if this had
fallen on anyone else,
they'd be dead.
[WORKER]
Secure the cables! Hurry!
Suna, you...
(Straining)
(GASP)
I am... actually...
stronger than...
you'd think I am.
Uh!
(Grunting)
(Roaring)
(Loud clang)
(All panting)
Oh!
You're bleeding!
Are you okay?
Hm? Oh, it's
nothing really.
[RINKO]
Hold it!
Ah!
Do I have a...
I think I do...
Yes! There it is!
(Bubbly twinkle)
Takeo...
You always seem to be coming
to my rescue, you know?
So, thank you.
Ohh...
(Light gasp)
(Giggle)
[Suna]
Takeo.
Hey.
Hey, man!
You walked into
a telephone pole.
(BONK)
What are you doing?
You're uh... stuck.
(Horn blares)
Whoa! You're gonna
get yourself killed!
(Incoherent moaning)
Hey there, Goda.
Mr. Pig-gorilla!
Yo, stupid face!
Rinko...
Those cakes she made us...
they were really
good, weren't they?
So you liked 'em, huh?
I did.
Yeah, me too.
(Exhale)
Me too...
(Phone rings)
No, I gotta stop.
I need to snap out of it.
I decided that
I would support THEM...
(Phone continues ringing)
I will help them to be happy.
(Beep)
Uh, hello?
[RINKO]
Oh, Takeo?
Yeah.
How's your
cut? Okay?
It's fine.
Oh, I'm glad.
Thank you so much
for helping me today.
No. Thank you.
Those cakes were so great.
Bake some more any time!
Sure!
Oh, you know... um...
I was thinking,
maybe we could meet up
without Sunakawa next time?
You know...
just the two of us?
Huh? Uh... Okay.
If you want.
Then... then how
about next weekend?
We can just meet
in front of the
fountain at the park.
When I think about it,
I haven't asked her
how she feels yet...
(Inaudible)
[TAKEO]
And now that she's
seen Suna a few times,
she's bound to be
growing closer to him.
(Sigh)
I'm sure she has some
questions.
I'll see what
I can do to help.
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Blue Ogre.